this video is brought to you by Ray Khan
so I like sound I'm pretty sure you do
as well for the longest time I was one
of those people using cheap earbuds that
seemed to be designed to get tangled so
they break faster sending you into a
never-ending buying spiral but no more
because I am now the proud owner of ray
cons every dayi 25-year buds whether
noise-isolating fit and powerful bass i
can tune out the world all while not
being hindered by disgusting wires their
comfortable secure and top-quality
despite only being about half the price
of competitors which is great for those
of us who like money which I'm assuming
you do head over to buy a combo to get
15% off your order or you can just click
the link down below instead of typing
again click the link down below or head
to buy or a combo to get 15% off thank
you Ray Khan for supporting the channel
and independent content alike and with
that said onto the episode if you're a
regular on this channel then you're no
stranger to unfix or online horror in
general being played out on social
networks there are times when this
medium can become tiresome
especially when overly drawn out across
several different platforms but lucky
for us tonight's topic of discussion is
not only straightforward but as of right
now unfolds in a singular venue well
dive into an analysis of the story and
theories as to what's going on here but
first allow me to tell you exactly what
went down this is the haunting story of
tick tock user face the light on the
night of November 27th of 2019 three
sisters were left home alone to kill
time they decided to play a game of hide
and seek specifically with the lights
off eventually one of the sisters finds
herself alone frustrated that her
siblings won't stop the game then she
receives a text message
I hate this I hate it I hate it there it
is again
let's go see if it's Mia or let me know
I know got to you at this point it's
become apparent that something has gone
wrong as for what exactly no one at this
point knows what we do know however is
that someone is watching this girl from
afar and based on the knocking they want
in guys I don't think me and LexA here
anymore I don't know what happened to
them if they left but that was not them
at the door I don't know who it was but
they all my doors are out
in the next clip the girl claims to be
in an elevator one that locks she tells
us with tears in her eyes that she has
no idea what chased her in there she
also based on her wording doesn't seem
to think that it's human because I don't
know what's in here but I know something
is and it's not one of my sisters this
is the final clip posted from the state
the next one comes to us the next day
November 28th possibly around midnight
the girl is now seemingly bound tied to
a post end slightly bloody she cries out
and whatever is there with her can be
heard via it's deep growls after this
point the account went dark that is
until December 8th about a week later
this is what was posted
this was the final post from 2019 and
anyone following the account at this
point was in for a very very long
cliffhanger in fact the account didn't
make a reappearance until March 2020
somehow the girl seems to be just fine
in post several short clips addressed
directly at her mother the first of
which informs us how she's now living in
Ohio with someone named Eli who's out
working this person we can assume is
most likely her partner in the middle of
all this we hear a familiar sound mom as
you probably saw in the last video some
really good stuff has been happening
around here like I keep hearing noises
anyway on the lighter note I wanted to
show you the kitchen
there's the oven it's kind of wack but I
put the nice towel that you set me
thinking
despite her attempts to ignore things
it's pretty obvious at this point what's
happening the next few clips at least at
the time of writing this are the last
post made from the face to light account
and at the moment we find ourselves at
yet another cliffhanger the girl now we
being tells her mother that she thinks
it's back and that the power had gone
out then two eyes two familiar eyes can
be seen staring through the door the
same thing happens in the next clip but
this time from another room the knocking
continues with whatever's out there
trying to get in like it did last time
the girl makes one last - for safety
attempting to hide in the upstairs
closet before this happens
[Music]
if you've made it this far then you're
probably interested in where this
narrative is going and what its creators
were trying to say the most glaring
question of course is what the heck this
thing is based on the lightened up
footage whatever it is does appear to be
humanoid but the glowing eyes would
imply otherwise on top of that there is
the growling noise that it seems to
always make when you're close enough to
hear it right now the Siri seems to be
in the phase where things are still
being built up and established it could
even be still in its first arc so right
now there probably isn't any solid way
to know exactly what this thing is
personally though when I first watched
this through it reminded me of an old
folktale growing up these days there are
tons of creepy pastas about the dangers
of hide-and-seek at night or playing
hide-and-seek alone
but before creepy pastas ever even
existed I was being told not to play the
game at night lest I be taken away by
his supernatural creatures I should note
that this was way out in the Philippines
and the folklore there has obviously no
direct correlation to this American tale
but similar accounts appear in pretty
much every culture stories made to scare
children into behaving or not running
off while it's dark having said that it
could be possible that within this
story's universe whatever this was was
summoned by the sisters playing their
game of hide-and-seek
they just weren't aware of it at the
time now depending on your
interpretation you could say that this
thing isn't the only one out there or at
least not the only thing antagonizing
our main character in the first video
posted the girl mentions being texted by
a number saying that her sisters were
gone and that someone's in the house
directly after this we see something
outside the home this of course begs the
question of why this thing would feel
the need to send a text message and say
it's inside when it isn't unless of
course someone else was involved and
they were the one already inside this
whole thing came up once I watched the
last video as well the one where our
main character is hiding in the closet
as you can see is
thing opens the door at first I thought
it might have been the girl doing it
herself but that obviously doesn't make
much sense given her reaction
it also doesn't seem to be the glowy
eyed creature given how far away it is
right now at the start of this video I
mentioned how straightforward the story
is but that might not be entirely true
if you think about it aside from the
possibility that there might be more
than one thing hunting this girl I also
want to point this out who's filming
because it clearly isn't her who
uploaded this clip to the Internet the
entire last portion of this account also
seems a bit off and here's why keep in
mind the main character seems to have
posted every encounter she documented on
to tick-tock presumably so that the
public could see what she was enduring
in the last videos however she addresses
them to her mother not her viewers it
almost seems as though these were meant
to be private and if so how do they end
up online what I'm trying to get at is
it's possible that the tic-tock account
actually has nothing to do with our main
character in universe she may not even
know this is all public if you head over
to this user's profile this is what it
looks like
note the picture it seems to imply that
the girl in question either never did or
no longer runs this page either way
we're left to wonder where she is now
it's been weeks since the last post and
no one knows what's coming next
where are Mia and Lex the two supposedly
missing sisters were they ever found and
how exactly did this girl managed to
escape the first time around it seems to
be heavily implied that the affirmation
gap in posting was due to a major move
if you'll recall one from California all
the way to Ohio presumably to get a
fresh start after the events of late
2019 somehow though this thing or
thing's still managed to follow her how
right now I have no idea but let's hope
the answers to that and more are
revealed as this series continues
definitely check out her account for
yourself give it a follow and with that
all said it's time to thank the patrons
T Gorman Connor H Andrew L Daniel G
basem shadow Joel H a gear may M Eric H
Lance Esper Nixon Abby Krista s Keith Z
Benjamin M scoria ness Amelia J Michael
R bloody
Alfe Elle Brown Anthony M Jeremy RS
Estrada Azariah borealis night Reuben M
Tracy T Isaac m-matt J and Canaan T
thank you all for the support and thank
all of you guys for watching I'll see
you all next time